six months wow that's rough well I mean
it's not all bad I'm learning to
appreciate the smaller things in life
like sound of a bird I'm not the color
of the sky sky's blue Ross and I had sex
yesterday please help me I have a date
tonight it has to go well okay I'm
scared for my help okay oh oh I got
something okay it's this story that I
came up with very romantic I swear any
woman that hears it they're like putty
really well tell it to me okay
now you're gonna want to have sex with
me when you hear it but you have to
remember it is just the story I'll try
to control myself okay years ago when I
was backpacking across Western Europe
you were backpacking across Western
Europe have a nice six more months for
us I'm sorry please please you were in
Western Europe and I was just outside of
Barcelona hiking in the foothills of
mount tibidabo I was at the end of this
path and I came to a clearing and there
was a lake very secluded and there were
tall trees all around it was dead silent
gorgeous and across the lake I saw a
beautiful woman bathing herself but she
was crying
why oh this is great wine it's from
France in Europe Western Europe you know
um a few years ago actually I was
backpacking across Western Europe really
mm-hmm wait it gets better
yeah I was in Barcelona I studied for a
year in Barcelona anyway um so I was um
I was hiking I love hiking I was hiking
along the foothills of mount tibidabo
I think it stupid dog okay do you want
to tell the story
agitate go great I'm across the street
having sex with her right now
their story sucks
Hey look if it didn't work it's cuz you
didn't tell it right show me how you did
it no oh I don't know water how long
since you seen a girl naked I was
backpacking across Western Europe I'm
not feeling it I was just outside of
Barcelona thank you oh no no Ross I'm
not hot are you HOT it's been six months
I'm always hot
well you're not selling the story it's
like it's like you don't believe it look
I gotta go I got a date but try this do
what I do when I'm preparing for an
audition okay I'll set you up with my
video camera and you can record yourself
and and see what you're doing wrong I'll
try that all right now you're all set up
you're good to go just hit the chord all
right good luck Thanks I know Hey Joe
listen if you ever have any problem with
the ladies you know I'll help you out
means a lot to me man
hello it's gonna get you anything huh
lens cleaner your battery okay Oh Ross
hi thank god you're here you have to
help me were you just talking to
yourself that's less embarrassing yes
yes I was so when she came in I got
distracted and totally forgot about the
camera it kept rolling and recorded
everything yeah we're gonna need to see
that tape yeah